by Bret Easton Ellis

Everything failed to subdue me. Soon everything seemed dull: another sunrise,
the lives of heroes, failing love, war, the discoveries people made
about each other. The only thing that didn’t bore me, obviously
enough, was how much money Tim Price made, and yet in its
obviousness it did. There wasn’t a clear, identifiable emotion
within me, except for greed and possibly, total disgust. I had all
the characteristics of a human being–flesh, blood, skin, hair–but
my depersonalization was so intense, had gone so deep, that the
normal ability to feel compassion had been eradicated, the victim
of a slow, purposeful erasure. I was simply imitating reality, a
rough resemblance of a human being, with only a dim corner of my
mind functioning. Something horrible was happening and yet I
couldn’t figure out why–couldn’t put my finger on it. The only
thing that calmed me was the satisfying sound of ice being dropped
into a glass of J&B. Eventually I drowned the chow, which Evelyn
didn’t miss; she didn’t even notice its absence, not even when I
threw it in the walk-in freezer, wrapped in one of her sweaters
from Bergdorf Goodman. We had to leave the Hamptons because I would
find myself standing over our bed in the hours before dawn, with an
ice pick gripped in my fist, waiting for Evelyn to open her eyes.
At my suggestion, one morning over breakfast, she agreed, and on
the last Sunday before Labor Day we returned to Manhattan by
helicopter.
